hey guys
welcome to the the engineering talk
we are going to begin momentarily
one thing i will say and i think
one thing I will say and I think
our host has posted
in the channel but if you have
questions
while I'm going through this talk go
ahead and scan the qr code and you can
send questions over and i'll
i'll take a look at them at the end of
the discussion
okay so yeah welcome
this is this is a talk about polaris
which is a
django application and framework that
allows you to build
anchor servers according to the
standards that we define
that are called Stellar ecosystem
proposals or seps
so django polaris is a tool that we use
so that
our tool that we build so that anchors
can
get their anchor service up quickly and
with less work required
so I'm going to go into the details of
how to build this anchor but before i
do I'm gonna go over a brief
presentation that just describes what it
is
how it works and what you can expect in
this presentation
so let's go ahead and begin
so like i just said polaris is a
so like I just said polaris is a
django anchor app
or i'd like to say it's an extendable
django app
which means that if you know anything
about django
and hopefully you do in this
presentation because I'm going to be
going into django code
but django is a system it's a framework
that allows you to
plug and play different applications
within the project
and so polaris is an app it's a reusable
app that you can plug and play within
django
applications and it provides an
interface
an api that developers can use to
insert and customize the way that the
anchor server responds and handles
information
the reasoning behind this is that set
which was the original standard that we
implemented this for
has a lot of things that are standard
about it every anchor
is going to be doing similar things
they're all going to have deposit
endpoints they're all going to have info
endpoints they're all going to have
what the step describes and when i say
what the step describes and when I say
the set sorry I'm just going to
break out of my actually i'll stay in
the slides until until afterwards but
724 is a standard and it defines an api
for clients to be able to hit in order
to
in order to interface with the anchor
and every anchor that implements sub 24
has the same endpoints
the difference though is that every
anchor has
you know pieces of functionality that
are custom to them so polaris what it
does is implement the stuff that's
standard that everybody's gonna do
and then it allows people to customize
their own instances with their you
know their unique situation
so overall it's less time for the anchor
to build
people can typically get this up
within an hour because we're gonna do it
right now
and we maintain it the sdf maintains
it so
we're gonna continue to upgrade this
make sure it's up to date with the
recent standards
make sure it's up to date with the sdk
upgrades
and it's open source everything that i
am going to use right now is viewable on
github
and we have links for the documentation
and code
in following slides so
in order to understand polaris we need
to talk about integrations
polaris offers integrations or
integration functions or classes
that allow anchors to register custom
functionality with polaris
so polaris is going to facilitate you
know the api endpoints and
build out what a step 24 server would
be
but there's things that polaris can't
automate right
so polaris can't automate your banking
or payment rails right if you're an
anchor in brazil
you know me as the developer of
polaris i don't know
polaris I don't know
what bank you're connecting with i don't
what bank you're connecting with I don't
know what api you're using i don't know
know what api you're using I don't know
anything about that
so what you need to do is inject your
own banking and
payment rails code into the polaris
framework
in the same way we don't know what
information you need from users
so you may need email and that's it or
you may need a photo
of the id you may need
you know a variety of different
information social security number here
in the u.s
there's a bunch of stuff that you could
you could need you could require in
order to deposit or draw assets
and so kyc kind of goes hand in hand
with user tracking you want to know
who's using your service
who they are how to reach them stuff
like that
there's uli customization so polaris
comes out of the box with
a decent ui but if you want to customize
that ui you're free to do so
and finally there's just transaction
processing when when
the transaction gets to a certain state
in the flow you may want to update some
of your own
data models to adjust for the for the
change
and so polaris can't automate any of
those things so it provides
rails integration classes so you
would in your code you would write
you know within the rails integration
class
a a function that connects to your
bank
and actually makes payments to users and
you're going to register that
integration that you write
with polaris and i'll show you how to do
that
so that transitions
you know well how do you use polaris
well we're going to do two things in
this talk
we're going to install and configure
polaris and we're going to implement the
integration points or
at least enough integration points to
get the anchor server up and running
and so there's going to be a few
steps involved in that
we're going to create a django project
and hopefully people who are viewing
this
are familiar with django and are
familiar with the seps I'm gonna brush
over some details about the steps so you
have some context but
overall this talk is gonna assume that
you know what I'm talking about when it
comes to
django and start ecosystem proposals
you're going to install django you're
going to install the django polaris
package
we're going to add polaris
the django app itself to the project and
then we're going to add a bunch of
polaris settings and configuration
options
and finally we're going to register and
add our data or asset that we're going
to anchor
within our database and in the asset
that we're getting the asset that we're
going to anchor in this database
is a or on this anchor is our
Stellar reference token srt it's just
a fake token on test net
that doesn't mean anything but it's
it's used as demonstration so you can
show
or show i can show how people you
or show I can show how people you
know
build anchor services around an asset
once we have all the configuration
installation set up we're going to start
implementing integrations
so the first thing that we're going
to do is build a an appropriate tomo
file
and if you're familiar with step 1 this
is implementing that
it's basically a file that describes
the organization that
owns the anchor and and it
gives a bunch of details about contact
information and stuff about the asset
that clients who are viewing the file
are to need to know
we're going to do a little bit of some
banking rails so we're not going to
connect to any particular bank
and so we're actually going to kind of
just mock this up
but the idea is that you would fill this
function in with actual banking payment
rails
code I'm just going to do what's
required from a functional standpoint to
make sure polaris is working
once we have the tomol and banking rails
integration set up we're going to
register those integrations and then
finally we're going to build the
application with docker and get it
running
so hopefully that gives you a good
overview of what's going to happen here
and again remember everything that i
work on here is open source
and there are there's documentation
available so if you want to
check out the documentation it's
available at
djangopolaris.readthedocs.io
and the code is available at github.com
polaris and these these pictures are
the
are some pictures from our test server
or our reference
anchor server that shows you how to do
it
it's basically an example and and
these are just some
some forms that plars provides out of
the box so this is what the ui looks
like if you didn't do any customizations
okay and we're gonna do questions
after the
demo but for now I'm going to
transition into coding
and and i'll probably be hopping back
and forth from the internet as well to
reference
the proposals and just demonstrate
certain things
okay cool we are right on schedule
so this is pycharm I'm gonna be you
know
django polaris is a python application
and what we're gonna do
when we start off most python
applications is create a virtual
environment
so actually sorry before i
before i dive into the code here i do
before I dive into the code here I do
want to show you
one thing and that's a
demonstration of what you can expect an
anchor to look like
from a user's perspective and
and this is a little demo that we do so
what I'm doing here
is this is a little demo wallet that
mocks like what a user would see
and we're going to walk through a step
24 flow
before we get started so you can just
see what it's going to look like
but we're just going to use our
reference server that the seller
development foundation
runs and provides and we're just going
to walk through a deposit flow on
testnet
so this is what we're going to
ultimately build we want to get to this
point by the end of this talk
so I'm going to make a deposit it's
going to go through the step 24 flow
and it's going to open up the actual
interactive page the user is going to
see
so if i was a user this is the first
so if I was a user this is the first
form that would be presented to me
I'm trying to make a deposit onto into
my account on Stellar
and and here is the amount field that's
asking me
you know to specify how much i plan to
you know to specify how much I plan to
deposit
and so I'm going to tell them that I'm
going to deposit a hundred dollars
and on test net anchors need to
assume that
deposits are actually sent right on
testing everything's fake right so I'm
not actually gonna send money
to the anchor it's just gonna assume
or
or understand that it's on testnet and
it doesn't need to wait for me to
actually pay them
it's gonna pay or send you know
Stellar funds to my account
and just to give you some like more
context
this con config option this is obviously
the the reference server that we're
hitting the url of it
but this is the secret key of my account
and don't
don't worry there's nothing you know
fancy on it you can check it out on
testnet
but I'm just gonna deposit a 100 or 100
srt
into my account on testnet
so let's go ahead and do that and so
now
django polaris after i submitted the
django polaris after I submitted the
amount is going to go ahead and work on
depositing that
those funds into my account so it's
executing on the the transaction as
you can see
and now it's complete so if i were to go
and now it's complete so if I were to go
to
my account right now i could show you
my account right now I could show you
that i have at least 100
that I have at least 100
srt in my account and I'm not going to
show you
what that is it's not worth it but but
this is a
kind of a page that displays all the
information on the transaction so
i sent them 100 supposedly i was charged
I sent them 100 supposedly I was charged
a dollar and one cents
and the amount that i actually received
and the amount that I actually received
in my seller account the amount of srt
is 98.99 and it you know tells you when
it was completed in the status and all
that kind of stuff
so this flow of being presented some
forms filling out forms
being presented updates as the
transactions submitted and then finally
getting a you know notification that's
complete
that's going to be the user experience
behind the scenes blogs is going to be
doing a lot more and I'm going to walk
through what that is
okay so that's the end of the demo
we're gonna go into the code and here
we go bear with me in case
something happens because something
always happens in demos
but let's see how far we get i think
but let's see how far we get I think
we're gonna be able to do it
so like i was saying with any python
so like I was saying with any python
project
you're going to want to create a virtual
environment so I'm going to create a
virtual environment right now using
python 3.
and i have a little shortcut that
and I have a little shortcut that
activates the virtual environment
but let's just do it you know the normal
way so I'm just going to
execute the activate function for the
virtual environment
so this is dot vmv
and activate
okay so now I'm in a virtual
environment this little enclosed box
where i can install my own packages and
where I can install my own packages and
make sure
you know everything that I'm doing here
is contained in here and it's not
affecting anything else outside my
project
and before we do this actually I'm going
to go to the documentation
so this is the polaris documentation
it's available at django polaris dot
read the docs
dot io and it's going to walk you
through
how to install polaris now I'm going to
update this documentation
in the future i'll probably have some
kind of like tutorial page where
it gives you a you know front to back
how you set up basically what we're
doing in this talk
but for now I'm going to hop around
these settings in these documentation
pages because you know they have
different information and it's not
organized in one
way where i can just kind of scroll
way where I can just kind of scroll
through so the first that we're gonna
do we're just gonna copy and literally
walk through these steps
we're gonna install polaris
and while that installs I'm just
going to go over kind of what it holds
you know obviously it holds
django and it holds it really holds
everything that you're going to need to
run this application
so you don't need to actually install g
separately or anything like that
everything comes with
polaris and it's ready to go
so that's done now and
now that we have the django polaris
package
we have django installed now because
polaris comes with everything
and what we're going to do is we're
going to create a django project now
this is
yeah so i have this function called or
yeah so I have this function called or
this command line tool called django
admin which comes out of the box with
chango
right so I'm going to create a django
project
start start project
and I'm going to call it app it's going
to be super generic okay
now if i look i actually have an app
now if I look I actually have an app
folder and you can see it in my
in my source tree if you look in app
i have a manage.pi script and this
I have a manage.pi script and this
manage.pi script is basically the
entry point to all of django's
functionality so whenever i run
functionality so whenever I run
python within the django context I'm
going to run python manage.pi
some command and then within the app
i have all the files that are necessary
I have all the files that are necessary
for a django application
and we're not going to go over again
this is a django tutorial we're going to
assume that you know generally what this
is
but it's helpful to understand where
we're at so
let's get started so now that we have
our django project we have an app
set up
we are going to add polaris to our
app
to our project right so the first thing
that we need to do
is add these three apps here to the
installed apps list in settings.pi
so let's open up settings.pi this is a
generated file that
django creates for you it comes with a
secret key that you're definitely going
to want to keep
secret so you would never want to check
this file in to get you know
it just being auto-generated you want to
use environment variables and hide
you know those those secrets from from
users and developers
but but yeah this is a generated
file for django
and here's our installed apps list and
we're just going to copy and paste
the three apps that polaris requires
into the list now
let me go over what these are so this
package called cores headers this is a
different package outside of polaris
that is installed with polaris it
ensures that your server allows requests
to set 24 endpoints from any service
or client
so it just sets the course policy for
the server
this rest framework is a
it's just a another app that polaris
uses
to build out its api and then finally
you install the polaris app
and because we have our own app right
because django so this is a project
right this app
is a project but within the app i know
is a project but within the app I know
that
the app and project word is going to get
confused here but within the app
directory we have a django
application called app so i can change
application called app so I can change
the name of this
top level app thing that's the project
directory and then within the project
directory we have the app directory
and the app directory is essentially the
app that we are running
right alongside the other apps that we
have installed in our installed apps
list
so I'm going to also add app to
the installed apps list too the next
thing that we're going to do
is we're going to add the coors
middleware so that course package that i
told you about
it requires a middleware component
jingo comes default with a bunch of
middleware
and our documentation actually
requests that the coors middleware
is above the common middleware so
this is necessary for django reasons
the middleware is the order matters
I'm not going to go too far into deep
into it but you want to make sure that
we have
all the components that we add and the
correct ordering at least in this
section
cool and then finally we're going to
add a project root setting
to our to our project and this is
going to tell polaris essentially where
the top level is and it's going to
look for an environment an environment
file
at the top level of this project so
I'm going to you know initialize project
root and I'm actually just going to make
it the
directory containing baster so baster
it was generated automatically by django
but it's actually this
folder right here it's the
right or actually is it so there's the
file
it takes the absolute path of that it's
the directory
containing that file oh it's actually
this file so this is the application
folder that baster is referencing
and so I'm going to take the directory
that contains that directory
so project root is going to be my
actual project
polaris anchor 3. and this is
important because we're going to add a
dot m
file and this is going to contain all of
our
environment variables that customize
part of polaris deployment
so let's go into there and polaris has a
few environment variables
right there that i need to just stick in
right there that I need to just stick in
the the file
so you know for the network that
we're using we're going to be using
the test net so this is the the network
pass phrase for that
for that network and then this is the
horizon
instance or url of the instance that
we'll be using
and then this is our host url so
we're going to be doing this all on
localhost
so I'm just going to do localhost dot
there we go and and that's
it for environment variables for now and
then we are going to add
polaris urls all the endpoints that
polaris exposes
to our django application so that it's
actually exposed
so it's going to give me it's going to
complain to me right now because it
doesn't have
some of these functions so we're going
to import include and then we're also
going to import polaris.urls
cool and so i don't know if you're
cool and so I don't know if you're
familiar
with some of you maybe but but so we
have this admin endpoint
that's already there it comes default
with every django deployment and then
on top of that at the root of the domain
so
in order to get to the admin page you
would go to your domain
admin in order to hit any of the
polaris endpoints
it's just straight on the domain so
so polaris
comes with a bunch of urls
oh you know what it's cause pycharm
doesn't know where my virtual
environment is i was going to go into
environment is I was going to go into
the source code and show you what's
offered
but polaris offers a bunch of endpoints
in fact they're described right here
all these endpoints polaris provides
and those urls are going to be exposed
at the root of the domain
okay so now that we have our urls
installed we're going to
where's the documentation link
okay now that we have our urls
added to the project we're actually
going to stop here because this is a
this is set up that's going to be
required for every installation of
polaris
but now we're going to go through the
steps that we're actually going to
deploy so so polaris can deploy any
number of steps
in any combination so you could you
could literally do polaris and just
deploy
step one which is a tomophile you
could deploy polaris and just do step
10.
you could do polaris with everything
you could do it with one of them missing
and so forth right so
we're going to set up polaris for step 1
10 and 24 and that encompasses
everything that's required in order to
successfully run a deposit withdrawal so
let's go to
step one the configuration required is
just to add it to our active steps list
so this active seps list in settings
is a key setting in polaris
it basically signals to polaris what
we're running what what kind
what standards do we want to actually
run on our server because we're not
going to run them all by default right
you may just want one of them so we're
going to add step 1 to our active steps
list
and we're actually going to add step 10
and step 24 as well
and this is going to tell polaris what
urls to expose
so that you don't have like a sep 31 url
exposed when you're not using it
okay that's actually all that's required
in terms of configuration we'll go into
the integrations later
step 10 has the same thing except it
requires a few new environment variables
so let's add so this is actually this
documentation is incorrect it says
add the following variables to your
settings file you don't need to add
these two to your settings file I'm
going to update this this should
actually go in your environment
config and if you didn't know that
django would complain to you about it so
you'd figure it out
but yeah so for step 10 we have this
thing called a signing seed which is
essentially the server's
password for for signing transactions
that then the client
would sign as well and then the server
would authenticate
so I'm not going to go too deep into
what step 10 is but it's just a way for
servers to confirm that a user that's
using their service holds
the account that they're actually trying
to deposit to
and this should just be like a random
key pair
that you keep secret so what I'm going
to do
is I'm actually just going to import
Stellar's sdk
import keyboard keyboard class and I'm
just going to do a random key pair
and and then
i just have the signing seed listed in
I just have the signing seed listed in
the environment
so again this is something you'd want to
keep secret this would not be checked
into git
and and this obviously won't be
deployed
but the code that I'm writing right
now will actually be available
in on my github and i'll i'll send a
you know
i'll show a link and and maybe we'll
actually have it in the
description of the event that'd be
awesome too
so you can obviously reference what
I'm doing here or just
watch the video back okay and then
the server jwt
key so once the client is authenticated
the server is going to return a token
that's essentially the client's password
for interacting and hitting the
server's endpoints
and you just want to have a secret
string that you use to encode the jwt
so we're going to have this super secret
jwt string you'd obviously want to
make this something different
cool so now we have everything we need
for step 10. let's go to step 24.
again we need to have the step 24 string
in our active steps
we already did that but one thing that
we need to do on top of that is
configure our static assets
so as you saw in that little demo
polaris comes out of the gate with
with a ui that's built in and ready to
go for you to use
and customize if you want to and it does
that by
by having the static files app installed
and
having static resources to use for the
ui
and so we're going to configure the
static resources in order to work and
deploy
so in order to do that we're going to
add white noise
to our installed apps list and white
noise is a
is a static file serving application it
just makes serving static files more
efficient
so we're going to do that we're going to
go to settings
we're going to go to installed apps oh
actually it's a middleware
this is another thing i need to fix the
this is another thing I need to fix the
documentation will be updated
by the time i release 1.0 django is her
by the time I release 1.0 django is her
polaris is at
0.12 right now it's a pre 1.0 release
but anyway this is supposed to go in
the middleware
so let's go to our middleware section
it should be above
it should it says it should be
near the top of the list for best
performance but still under coors
middleware
so we're going to go under coors
cool and we obviously want to make
sure that
the static files app is actually in
our installed apps list
and then finally we have some more
settings for our settings file
and these all pertain to the static
files app
so we're gonna have a root directory to
contain all of our static files
so each app that we installed rest
framework polaris
even the app that we're using right now
has static files that it's going to
use when it's running
and so what django does is it collects
all those apps into one spot
instead of having to fetch them from a
particular app so we're going to call a
directory called collect
static which is the name of the command
that we're going to use to collect those
files
and we're going to have it be within the
base directory so it's going to be
just outside our inner app directory
this is the url that our static assets
are going to be available at
for django so I'm just going to say it's
polaris static
and then we're using this storage
component
for the white noise static file serving
section so this is just one of the many
ways that white noise can store files
and then return them when they're
requested by the client
okay and then in order to collect
those
static files we're gonna run our
first command
from manage.pi and we're going to
collect our static assets
where did my where did my camera
go
okay there we go okay
so we're going to run
that command but that didn't work
because we're not
in the same directory as the app or the
manage.pi script
that's within our app directory
okay so it gave me an error and it said
nope you're not ready yet
you don't have a signing seed
environment environment variable
but we do so what's the problem here
oh i know we don't have our settings
oh I know we don't have our settings
file our django project isn't aware of
our environment
and that's that needs to be fixed so
we're going to import
django environ or environ this is a
package that comes installed with
polaris
and we are going to check we're going to
have an environment object
we're going to check if
the path to our environment exists
so you remember how we are going to i
told you
we're going to use project root
to know if the environment is there
or that's where we're going to look so
we're going to look
at the directory the project group
directory and we're going to look for a
dot
m file in that directory and then if
it's there we're gonna read that file
okay so now let's try this again and
hopefully it knows that we have a
signing seat now
end is not defined you're right it's
because it starts off with the
environment package
okay so now it's complaining about the
server jwt key
that's in the same
file as the other environment
so or as the other variables so i wonder
so or as the other variables so I wonder
why this is complaining about
that but not the signing seed server jwt
key is it because we have this
spacing between the environment and or
the equal sign
yeah it was i guess okay we have one
yeah it was I guess okay we have one
more step that i glossed over i guess
more step that I glossed over I guess
there's one more middleware oh right
okay
so before we so we set up so this page
for this documentation is is forcep6 and
set 24
because they share a majority of the
integrations that polaris offers
but there is some setup that's
necessary for step 24 particularly
and specifically we have this
same site middleware class that comes
custom with every polaris deployment
and this is more of a legacy
component
we now suggest that
that anchors or sorry that wallets show
anchors interactive flows in pop-ups
but originally they were we were we
instructed people to open them via
iframes
in order to show in order to have
sessions within an iframe you need to
have certain
http headers and so
this middleware class was born to inject
those headers into every response
so this is required just in case clients
open up your interactive flow
in an iframe as opposed to a pop-up
so let's add this middleware class and
then we can go ahead
okay now it's added and it's supposed
to be above session.middleware
or sorry below
oh no session.nowhere should be below
same side middleware okay
and then finally we need this form
renderer class and this is going to
allow
for that really for that ui that we
provide and it's going to allow you to
override any of those assets
so this is so this is needed if you want
to
you know overwrite any static assets or
use the default ui which you're going to
want to do if you're running step 24.
okay let's
okay we're done with configuration now
hopefully this will allow me to compile
my static assets
there it goes okay so now we have a new
directory called static or
collect static and it holds all the
static assets that we're going to use
within our application so that's great
and i think now that we have everything
and I think now that we have everything
set up from a configuration standpoint
we are free to go back to our
database model section
and actually create our asset so let's
let's double check
actually yeah let's before we run the
service let's let's create our
database
so in order to create our database
we need to run this
this migrate command
and in order to do that we need to
make sure that we have a place for the
data to go
so we're going to create a data
directory outside of our application
and there's going to be a sqlite file
that is stored in that directory
and polaris also comes out of the box
supporting postgres
and if you want to use mysql or some
other engine you're free to do so as
long as you configure your database
appropriately in the settings file and
you install the appropriate connector
django comes out of the box with psycho
pg
which is a connector for postgres but if
you want to use mysql or something
install your connector and then
configure your database and it should be
fine
okay so now that we're about to
configure our database
we're going to do something a little
different instead of having this config
in database we're going to use django
environs
db function which is something that i
like to do
because it simplifies it just
simplifies the configuration
so instead of having that dictionary
we're going to have a django.environ.m.d
or no it's going to be m.d.b
and then within actually so I'm gonna
look at a project that i ran through
look at a project that I ran through
prior to building this because i've done
this before and making sure I'm doing it
right so
let me look at the code here and just
make sure I'm doing this correctly
let's just copy that so we're going
to
configure our database to use an
environment variable to find the db
and if that doesn't exist then we're
going to have an sqlite file that we use
so as you can see we're using
environments database
and we're going to look for the database
url in the environment
if it isn't there the default url that
we're going to use is an sqlite path
looking for data db.sqli3
within our project root directory
now that we have our database configured
let's try to create our database with
python app slash manage.pi migrate
boom our database is created
and all the migrations have been
executed so our database is in the
appropriate state
that is awesome so again
polaris is a application right it's not
just an sdk or a framework it comes
fully
implemented with endpoints database
models
you know static assets it's a
full-fledged app the difference is that
it also provides a framework
or an api interface for you to customize
its behavior
so it holds two two different tables
two database tables asset and
transaction and we're going to create
our asset right now this is the asset
that we're gonna anchor on our server
so we're gonna go into the python
console
load the model for the asset object and
create nasa in our database
so we're in python from django from
polaris we're going to import our model
and in our model we're going to create
an asset object
with the code srt because that's the
code for the asset that we're anchoring
and the issuer is going to be the
address of the issuing account and so
when you're setting up your anchor
this is going to be different for you
right you're going to be anchoring a
different asset with a different code
and you're going to need to actually
issue an asset
and we have materials documentation that
documents how to issue assets but for
now we're just going to use the srt
asset here so here is the
public key for the issuer and I'm
actually that's all I'm going to do for
now I'm
going to also enable sep24
this asset object also needs the
distribution seed
so there's two accounts for every
asset there's an issuing account and
there's a distribution account
the distribution account is the one
that's actually going to be receiving
and sending payments
and so we're going to need to control
this account from polaris
so we need the secret key for that
account and I'm not going to show you
right now
in this screen but I'm going to add it
to this asset
in another screen that you guys can't
see so
yeah just give me give me three seconds
to add that
okay
and and this distribution seed by the
way is going to be stored in our
database and this is always
something that you'd want to make sure
is secure
it's going to be encrypted in the
database so whenever
seeds are stored in the database they're
encrypted but their own but then they're
decrypted when they're brought into
memory
so I'm going to import or I'm going to
add this
this secret key for the distribution
account of srt
and it's going to allow my polaris to
control the distribution account
cool okay so i just added the
cool okay so I just added the
distribution seed
and so now if you look at the asset in
the database
just look at the distribution account
it generates the account from the seed
that i entered so
that I entered so
that's available as well okay
now that we have
everything we need in that department in
the asset department
we're going to test out our anchor so
let's go ahead and do that
okay so we've configured it
everything is is
correctly configured so let's actually
run our service and see what we got here
so I'm going to go to manage.pi and run
the server
okay cool so as you can see django has a
server running
at dot localhost.8000 and so if we go
there
you can see that we actually don't
have anything
on our route and that's okay but
we do have endpoints for step 24
we have the authentication server
which is septen and we have the tomo
file
so let's check out our tomo file
so this is a very empty tomo file it has
the
the standard you know pages that you
would expect from an anchor
but it's a locking sum so polaris
implements the tomo
file but it allows you to to customize
and to add things to it so this is the
first integration that we're going to
implement
we're going to tell polaris that we have
additional information to display in the
tumble file
so we're missing information about
the currency
is it anchored is it a crypto asset is a
fiat asset what kind of asset is it
what who who is the organization
behind this server
you know what's their contact
information this kind of stuff is
missing from the tone when we're going
to add it right now
okay so let's get out of our settings
we're finally done with the settings
we're done with the environment the urls
are set up everything's good there
let's go to actually we're going to
create a new file
so let's stop our server process for a
second we're going to create a new file
called app slash app slash
integrations
and this file is going to contain all of
our custom code all the code that
augments polaris is going to be in this
file
and I'm also going to create an
apps.pi file now apps.pi
is a special file that django looks for
in every application
that's installed in the installed apps
list and
specifically it looks for a app config
object within apps.pi
and it runs any code within the app
config
class before starting the application
so this is a good place for us to
register our integrations
it's only going to do it once and it's
going to make sure that
polaris has the custom code that we
write
so from django.app
import app config
my app config
is gonna inherit from app config
the name of our application and this is
a django thing by the way if you look at
the documentation django outlines
what this is and and why you need to
do it
so we're just gonna again our app is
named app nothing nothing complex about
it and then we're going to have a
a ready function and this ready function
is going to be run
every time we start our application and
it's just going to do any kind of setup
necessary
before running our service and so what
we're going to do
is we're going to register our
integrations here so we're going to do
from integrations import now we don't
have anything to import right now
but we're going to import this tomo
function first
and then from polaris integrations
we're going to import the register
integrations function
now it's actually not auto completing
which is kind of annoying I'm going to
see if i can configure
see if I can configure
the virtual environment right now so it
knows what django version we're using
and actually auto corrects and
adjusts
sorry one second here how are we
doing on time
we're a little we're a little pushed so
okay this might go over a little bit
for any of you who have just strictly
an hour
i apologize but we're gonna be in and
I apologize but we're gonna be in and
around an hour hopefully
i don't need the the autocomplete
I don't need the the autocomplete
stuff but it will help for sure okay
yeah no interpreter
let's use the local one in our
environment set it up
okay now we have django available in our
ide and actually knows what we're using
so register integrations we're going to
we're going to register our integration
that we haven't even wrote yet
and then
why does it say that it doesn't have any
of this
that's concerning i don't know what's
that's concerning I don't know what's
going on
with the highlighting right now i
thought i just configured my
thought I just configured my
my virtual environment correctly but
maybe i didn't I'm not going to spend
maybe I didn't I'm not going to spend
too much more time on this
yeah actually this is not right this is
our this is my system python
let's add the environment that i have
let's add the environment that I have
in my
there we go okay now we're using the
virtual environment
let's give this a second to to adjust
there we go
okay yeah but we don't have this tomo
file still but we're going to register
our integration so polaris
provides this register integrations
function and you can look at the
documentation on it here
registering integration this is where
you at this is where you add the custom
code that you write to polaris so
polaris can use it
and so as you can see this is the exact
same code that we're writing right now
we're registering our integrations and
we're only we're only going to register
the ones that we have
so we're not going to register all the
ones that are listed here but let's
get to it so
this is the code that's going to run and
it's only going to run
as long as we have this default app
config environment or variable here so
I'm going to go apps
dot or sorry app
dot apps dot my app
config that's going to tell django where
to look
for the the code that needs to run
before the application starts
okay let's go to integrations
we're going to just define this tonal
function
it's not going to have any arguments and
we are just simply going to
yeah that's all we need actually so
let's let me show you what happens when
when we just have this so we've
registered the function but the function
has no code
let's see what happens when we run the
service
so it broke and right now polaris is in
debug mode so you're seeing this nice ui
that shows you what's going on in the
code
typically it won't show you that i'll
just give an error page if you're in
production
but what's going on here is that the
integration that we provide the tonal
function it's not providing what polaris
expects
and so you're going to want to look at
the tonal function
that we need to integrate so this is the
step one integration that we're doing
right now we're
integrating our tomal function and
our total function needs to have
a dictionary returned containing any of
the keys the
level keys right here so let's actually
do that
let's let's return a dictionary
and let's do the documentation section
first
now you can look at step one
to see what fields that you can list
here
so within documentation this is the
organization documentation this is the
information I'm gonna fill out right now
these are the properties that you can
add so let's add an org name
Stellar development foundation
let's add a we don't have a logo let's
add a url
we have a logo but I'm not going to get
it right now
that's our home domain and
that's all I'm going to provide for the
organization but you get the point
you can add any of these other keys as
well
let's let's add some
point of contact information so polaris
doesn't know
who's actually building this and who's
responsible for it
so that's why we have this tomo file in
this
what they called point of contact or
principles
list
so it's a list right so we're going to
have a multitude of these
we only have one though and that
person's name
is jake urban
and that's all I'm going to provide I'm
not going to provide my email or key
base or anything like that
but again you get the idea this is all
information that's going to be injected
into
our our tumble file
let's re let's add some currency
documentation
and again this is a currencies list
so let's add a currency we're obviously
anchoring srt
actually let's just do let's get the
asset
and we only have one asset in our
database so we're just going to get the
first one
and then let's use the code of that
asset
and the asset issuer
okay and then we're also going to add
the status so this again is a test token
right it's not actually real money
so this is a test token srt is the
dominated using two decimal places
and we are going to give it a name
description
okay let's see where we're at now so as
you can see our
code is refreshing every time or her
service is refreshing every time we
change our code and now we have some
more information on our tomo file so
congratulations we've done our first
integration with polaris
as you can see it has a principles
section now
it has the name that of the principle
for this service
it has all the information on the
currency section that we entered
and has some documentation about the
organization who
maintains this service cool so that
is so this pattern of
writing code registering that code with
polaris and then having pillars use that
code
that that's the pattern of polaris it
has a lot of stuff that can do on its
own but when it needs extra information
that it can't automate
it requests it from you via integration
functions
okay so we are doing decently
on in terms of timing we have a
couple more integrations to implement
so now we have our tummle let's see
how far we can get
in the demo that i showed you earlier so
in the demo that I showed you earlier so
let's go to
this demo spot let's look at
our demo site let's look at the config
we're not going to
interface with our test anchor server on
solar.org anymore we're going to
actually
work with our local machine we're
going to use the same secret key
for deposit and withdraw of our srt
and we're automatically going to walk
through the process I'm not gonna you
know talk about exactly what's happening
in the zep24 flow
so what happens here okay
well that's good so we have so let's
take a step back for a second i will
take a step back for a second I will
actually go through a little bit what's
going on here
our client our wallet connected with our
anchor
it hit our tomo file because it knows to
expect a tomo file at our home domain
it determined that
we have a transfer server it got the
information
on our transfer server so this is
this is our
info endpoint and we actually haven't
done any work here polaris does this
completely on its own
polaris responded with the client or
responded from
responded to the client all the
information about
the asset so as you can see we're
anchoring srt for deposit
it's enabled we have a minimum maximum
amount as well as a
fixed fee in percent this is going to
be zero for the purpose of this
demonstration but you can change these
and then we actually went through
authentication
so for step 10 authentication you
actually don't need to do anything
either
polaris influences straight out of the
box and it also
implements the deposit endpoint so once
we got authenticated
we made a request to make a deposit
or the wallet did
and and we responded the anchor
responded with a interactive url
and the wallet opened up this
interactive url for me the user
to fill out and so that's what this is
this is a
out of the box default don't do anything
polaris view here of this interactive
flow
and so this is what the user would see
and I'm just going to say I'm depositing
a hundred dollars
there's no fee right so it's just a
hundred dollars total
and when i deposit okay that's a pilaris
and when I deposit okay that's a pilaris
thing if you wait too long on the first
screen
it can authenticate your session so
it's just 403.
let's go through this whole thing again
so we have a fresh token
and get through the flow so 100
oh okay so this is actually a key piece
of
development locally so it keeps on
giving us 403
and that's because polaris by default
expects to
be working over https and if you aren't
on https it doesn't allow you to go into
the interactive flow
we can turn this off by adding a
environment variable called local mode
okay so now that we have this process
and we're running in local mode let's
see what happens
okay let's try that one more time
let's restart this service
oh actually yeah i think that's still
oh actually yeah I think that's still
that makes sense the code
the service restarts when the code is
adjusted but not when the environment's
adjusted
so let's let's do that now that we've
added our local mode environment
variable
sure okay so cool
it successfully or it accepted our
deposit request
and it's now the anchor the anchor
we're building
is waiting for me the user to send the
funds
to the anchor now on mainnet when you're
doing this for
real you're going to want to
periodically ping
your banking connection and see if i
have sent
the deposit that you have that i have
the deposit that you have that I have
initiated
right and so
again there's a process in the
background that
periodically pulls all the pending
transactions all the transactions that
we know
the anchor knows we can expect
payments into our bank account for
and once they're there once we determine
that
a user has made a deposit into our bank
account off chain
we're going to then going to deposit the
same amount of funds
on chain and so that's how an anchor
works with deposit
but as you can see nothing's happening
right now we're just continually pulling
the anchor
and it's still in this pending
pending the user state
and that's because we aren't running a
process on our server
that checks for pending deposits so
let's get out of this interactive flow
here
we're not quite done yet
okay let's stop the server so
this is a good point to talk about
polaris so polaris is a web server right
it implements the api endpoints defined
in step 24
but there's also a variety of
other tasks that polaris needs to
perform in order to function properly
one of those is checking up on pending
deposits
that we can expect from users right and
so in order to
actually check up on this polaris comes
default with a pull pending deposits
command line tool so what you would do
is you would have the server running
and you would also have this pull
pending deposits
process running as well
and it's going to loop we could run this
once and just check once for pending
deposits or we could
loop and and run this i misspelled it it
loop and and run this I misspelled it it
sounds like
pull pending deposits
okay so complain to me though because i
haven't implemented the integration it
says
you know you're not ready to run this
command line tool because you haven't
implemented pull pending deposits yet
and you're right
so let's go to integrations so our first
integration was just a function that we
pass
to to polaris but this second
integration is actually a part of a
bigger class so we're going to implement
a rails integration class so
rails integration is a class an
integration class that we're going to
subclass
and implement the
the functions outlined in rails
integration
i misspelled the integr
integrations okay
so we're going to define this pole
pending deposits function
and it comes with a bunch of type ending
that i don't have import
that I don't have import
imported currently
okay and we actually are just going to
return a list of all depending deposits
so this is polaris so polaris is going
to call this function
periodically from the pole pending
deposits process that we run
and it's going and it's going to expect
that we connect to our bank
look to see if there are any pending
transactions that have actually been
sent to us
and then return the ones return the
transaction objects that are passed
return them back to polaris so
players can actually submit them to the
network
right and so because we're not actually
going to receive any payments on testnet
we're actually going to just return
every pending transaction and mark them
essentially as
ready and so this tells polaris to go
ahead and move on and submit the
transaction
so let's go ahead and run this again
let's run
our server function and now let's run
our
python app manage.pi pull
pending deposits process and loop it so
it's always running
okay it's still giving me problems
because i actually haven't even
because I actually haven't even
registered this function right
so now i have my tomo but i also have my
so now I have my tomo but I also have my
rails integration class
so i want to register my rails
so I want to register my rails
integration class with
with the rails keyword of the register
integrations function
boom so now my pole putting deposits
code is registered with polaris
and running the pull pending deposits
function was successful
and i have my server running so let's go
and I have my server running so let's go
through a
a process again and see what happens so
this is the same as the last time
I'm going to just say I'm going to
deposit 100
and polaris is just going to move on
it's going to assume that i sent it
it's going to assume that I sent it
so Stellar is actually executing the
transaction now
and it's actually on the seller network
it's giving me srt
in the tote in the wallet that i used
in the tote in the wallet that I used
boom there you go complete so if i were
boom there you go complete so if I were
to look at the account that I'm using
for this wallet right now
i would see that i have at least 100 srt
I would see that I have at least 100 srt
in my account
the polaris server using the asset
that I'm issuing
deposited funds into my seller account
after me entering information
so there you go that's the deposit
endpoint
it's fully implemented ready to go it is
11 o'clock an
hour on the dot and you have a deposit
flow working
now there are other integration
functions that i need to implement for
functions that I need to implement for
withdraw
i think at this point i have to decide
I think at this point I have to decide
do i want to in terms of timing do i
do I want to in terms of timing do i
want to go further down
and build build out the deposit flow or
do i want to build with draw flow
do I want to build with draw flow
and just not go into detail in the
deposit flow because there's a lot more
you could do
i think I'm going to do the latter so
I think I'm going to do the latter so
so
I'm not going to do this in the talk but
there's tons of customization that you
can do
using the integrations that pilars
provides for the deposit flow
so again you can customize the ui you
can make it a different color you can
change the forms presented
and then you can add forms so right now
in this demonstration we're just asking
for the amount
but we actually don't even collect
anything about our users
and again this is custom to each anchor
right so polaris doesn't do this
automatically
instead it expects you as the
developer to provide django forms
that's going to be presented to the user
and then you can process
so I'm not going to go through this
we just don't have the time
but this integration this these
section of integration functions are
called form integrations
and they're actually available on the
in the documentation if you go to
step 24 integrations set 24 integrations
and this form integrations section
outlines
what I'm not going to do in this talk
today which is provide content for
every transaction so this is
providing forms and ui customization
for every form that you need to collect
on the user so if you need name and
email and photo id and anything like
that
you can ask that from the user using
polaris using these integration
functions as long as you register them
but we're not going to do that instead
we're going to prioritize having a
having a withdrawal flow
work and to do that we're going to run
the entire service so not just
pull pending deposits we're going to run
every process that requires
and to do that we're going to use docker
and docker compose
so I'm just going to copy and paste the
docker
compose and docker file from
this project that i've already written
so copy docker file copy docker compose
and I'm going to go into the anchor that
we're building right now
so we have these two files now and if
you look at them
again all the source code for this is
going to be on my github
but this is essentially a config file
that's going to run
all the processes that you need to run
in order to run a deposit and withdraw
step 24 anchor so as you can see
we run the server the thing that
actually runs the step 24 protocol
we run the pull putting deposits or
sorry pull pending deposits deposits
process that i showed earlier there's
process that I showed earlier there's
also three others for withdraw and I'm
just going to speed through this because
we're going to do some some questions
afterwards and i don't want to go too
afterwards and I don't want to go too
far over
so we're going to build actually no
before we build our application we're
going to implement
our our reg
our integration functions for
withdraw
so withdraw has some integration
functions that it requires on top of
what it you know what you have for
deposit
specifically it has this outgoing
execute outgoing
integration function that you execute
the transaction this
this transaction or this function
polaris calls expecting you to actually
make a payment so this assumes you've
received a withdrawal
payment from the user on the Stellar
network and you're actually going to
send
the the the same amount of funds off
chain to the user via your banking rails
so we're actually not going to do any
banking rails in this right we're not
going to connecting to any bank
we're just going to mark the transaction
as
completed and say that we did actually
submit it to the bank even though we
didn't
this is just for demonstration purposes
on
in when you're actually doing this and
writing your integration functions you
will want to connect your bank just like
in full penny deposits
completed
and we're also going to update the fee
for the transaction
so right before we execute we're going
to mark or we're going to calculate the
fee that we're going to take
from the transaction so the user send me
we don't have any fees in this demo but
you can charge fees
and and but for now I'm just going to
say zero right
so this function is going to be called
every time we need to actually send a
payment
to a user and then finally actually
that's that's all we need for withdraw i
think and we're going to make this
this multi-process application by
building
oh man i need to start my
oh man I need to start my
my docker daemon that's loading up
so docker's getting started okay
it's five minutes over
I'm going to try to build the rest of
the service
in the meantime I'm open to questions
if we want to
i will just probably be working
I will just probably be working
through this and demonstrating
that withdrawal flow as i answer
that withdrawal flow as I answer
questions
so to the host of this event
if you would like to to give me some
questions go ahead
and i'll answer them as we're working on
this
okay so the you know one question is
why use django
that's a good question
django has the tools necessary
to to do what we're trying to do so
flask
doesn't have this reusable app structure
right so django is a project that can
contain
any number of apps that you can plug and
play
flask doesn't have this requirement
or flask doesn't have this
this functionality right you have a
flask application and what the code is
in flask
is what it is right you can't just add
an app you can install a package and use
that package but you can't just
plug and play an app so that ability to
just plug and play polaris that comes
with database models and endpoints
that's unique to django and and so it
just made sense for us to do it this way
as long as we are using the python stack
so we have our docker
process up and we're building our our
our containers
so again this is oh what's the
problem here
service server fail to build copy failed
requirements.txt oh yeah we don't have a
requirements file let's create one pip
freeze requirements
dot text and this is just putting all
our dependencies in a text file
so when we launch our docker image it
can build them according to the file
okay so we're installing our
dependencies right now
and this is probably just going to take
a minute
and and once that completes we are going
to compile our static assets
i think is the next step let's look at
I think is the next step let's look at
this docker file
yeah so we're going to install system
packages
we're going to make a working home
directory we're going to make a data
directory for our database
we're going to copy our app code copy
our environment requirements files
we're going to install those
requirements and then we're going to
compile our static assets
then once we've done all that we're
going to run the run server command
and actually run our application okay
so now if i run docker compose up
so now if I run docker compose up
hopefully this works yay
okay so now we have all these processes
pull depending deposits watch
transactions
the actual step24 server
and we all we all have it running so
let's go ahead to our demo
and look at what the withdrawal flow
looks like now
again I'm going to deposit 100 there's
no fee
and for a draw the wallet actually
submits the transaction to Stellar
and the anchor is going to receive that
the anchor's going to receive that
that payment so I'm confirming that i
want to send this payment to the anchor
the wallet is making a Stellar payment
to that anchor right now
the our anchor service that we built is
going to pick up that
payment via our watch transactions
process
and watch transactions is going to then
mark it
as ready for execution the
polaris will then call our our execute
outgoing transaction function that we
wrote
and it will mark the transaction as
completed and
as you can see our transaction has
completed
and so we have effectively
withdrawn
funds from our Stellar anchor account or
from our Stellar account
and we now presumably have them off
chain in our bank account
and so obviously we're not collecting
the bank details
so like typically an anchor would say
what's your bank account number what's
your bank routing number we need to know
so that we can actually send you this
money
and so we're not collecting that and
again the documentation is there and
polaris provides that functionality
but we're not going to request that
information right now in this demo
okay cool awesome so we're 10 minutes
over not too bad
but yeah that's how you build an
anchor using polaris
there are a lot of other integrations
polaris is pretty extensive
and it's in the beta phase or not
beta phase but it's in pre
pre 1.0 release so there are still
breaking changes that are being made
occasionally
but therefore ultimately to become
stable
and to make a 1.0 release that will be
coming soon
okay cool i think we're done in terms of
okay cool I think we're done in terms of
demonstration
now I'm going to open it up for
questions
so that is a good question so there
was a question about node.js and whether
or not we're willing to
make a version for node.js and
the ques the answer that question is
keep asking
we've gotten a handful of requests for
it
but the reality is that at the moment
it's gonna be a lot of work for
our team to maintain two different
versions of it
so it's not it's not worth it for us
yet
but if there is significant demand
then we might deem it worthwhile so make
it known if you want to use node
and we can we can discuss that further
on github or
via key base or however you want to
contact us
I'm trying to think if there's anything
else that i should mention
else that I should mention
so this we did step 24
in this case right this is polaris
implements step 24
but again it also implements a lot of
other steps
one that we just added support for is
set 31.
step 31 is a set or a standard that
allows two anchors to facilitate
international
remittance payments so the idea is that
user a would send money to user b
by giving money to their to one acre
that anchor would send money to a
different anchor
and then the receding user would or
sorry the receiving anchor
is going to send that money that it
received from the anchor from the
sending anchor
to the receiving user so it's this
little like anchor or sorry user anchor
anchor
user flow and the cool thing about this
is that users don't even need to know
that they're using Stellar it's just
a payment from
one bank account transaction to the next
and so plars provides the integrations
necessary to support
a sep31 receiving anchor so if somebody
wants to send you payments
from across the world in a different
currency and you want to
use those funds that sent to you to then
pay
your own customers in their home
currency you can do that using polaris
step31 integration
okay so i think that's it for
okay so I think that's it for
questions
thank you guys for tuning in and
hopefully you guys learned a lot about
polaris and how it works
if you have any further questions I'm
available
on key base that's where a lot of our
sdf employees
live in terms of chat and
yeah all right thank you for tuning in
have a good day guys
bye